Add doc about incremental backup recover in the manual (#981)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/manual/43-backup-commands.en.md

you do neither of these things and attempt to recover a compressed backup
then Barman will fail rather than try to guess a suitable location.

### Recovering incremental backups

> **IMPORTANT:**

> > If any of the backups used for reconstruction were taken with checksums

Author: Yeah, sounds good! This is just a copy of the LIMITATION section from the pg_combinebackup documentation though.

> disabled, but the final backup was taken with checksums enabled, the
> resulting directory may contain pages with invalid checksums.
> [Follow up the `limitations` section in pg_basebackup documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/17/app-pgcombinebackup.html).

If a backup is incremental, `barman recover` is able to combine the
backup on recovery using `pg_combinebackup` and the chain of backups.
A chain of backup is the tree branch that goes from the full backup
to the one requested for the recovery. This is a multi-step process:

1. The chain of backups is combined into a new synthetic backup in a
   staging directory on the local server using `pg_combinebackup`.
2. For any type of recover (local or remote), the synthetic backup is created
   locally in the barman server. If it's a remote recover, the content is
   copied to the final destination using Rsync. Otherwise, when it's a local
   recover, the content is just moved to the final destination.

> 3. The staging directory for the backup is removed.

Author: Sounds good to move it to part 1. I don't think tablespaces should be mentioned here as the user do not need to know about it. Tablespaces would be part of the `**content** copied to the final destination`.

> 3. The staging directory for the backup is removed.

Reviewer: Agreed on @gustabowill suggestion, also yeah makes sense to me to not mention tablespaces here @andremagui

> 3. The staging directory for the backup is removed.

Reviewer 2: Agree with Giulio's assessment about both comments.

Besides that, I think it's a bit shocking to start a section with an `IMPORTANT`. I would say to move that to the end of this section as that's an important note, but still a side note, if you get what I mean?

you do neither of these things and attempt to recover a compressed backup
then Barman will fail rather than try to guess a suitable location.

### Recovering incremental backups

> If a backup is incremental, `barman recover` is able to combine the
> backup on recovery using `pg_combinebackup` and the chain of backups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a backup is incremental, `barman recover` is able to combine the chain
of backups on recovery through `pg_combinebackup`.
```

> A chain of backup is the tree branch that goes from the full backup
> to the one requested for the recovery. This is a multi-step process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A chain of backups is the tree branch that goes from the full backup
to the one requested for the recovery. This is a multi-step process:
```

> 1. The chain of backups is combined into a new synthetic backup in a
>    staging directory on the local server using `pg_combinebackup`. For
>    any type of recover (local or remote), the synthetic backup is created
>    locally in the barman server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The chain of backups is combined into a new synthetic backup. A
   folder named with the ID of the incremental backup being recovered is
   created inside a given staging directory on the local server using
   `pg_combinebackup`. For any type of recover (local or remote), the
   synthetic backup is created locally in the barman server.
```

2. If it's a remote recover, the content is copied to the final destination
   using Rsync. Otherwise, when it's a local recover, the content is just
   moved to the final destination.

> 3. The staging directory for the backup is removed.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if users could think the path pointed by `--local-staging-path` is removed?
I mean, we remove the folder of the synthetic backup, which is created inside `--local-staging-path`, not the `--local-staging-path` itself.

Thoughts?

Author: I think that part means only the staging folder for the backup! `the staging directory FOR THE BACKUP is removed.`  

But it is prone to errors, yes!

> 3. The staging directory for the backup is removed, not the local_staging_path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The folder named with the ID of the incremental backup being recovered, which
    was created inside the provided staging directory, is removed at the end of the
    recovery process.
```

of backups on recovery through `pg_combinebackup`.
A chain of backups is the tree branch that goes from the full backup
to the one requested for the recovery. This is a multi-step process:

1. The chain of backups is combined into a new synthetic backup. A
   folder named with the ID of the incremental backup being recovered is
   created inside a given staging directory on the local server using
   `pg_combinebackup`. For any type of recover (local or remote), the
   synthetic backup is created locally in the barman server.
2. If it's a remote recover, the content is copied to the final destination
   using Rsync. Otherwise, when it's a local recover, the content is just
   moved to the final destination.
3. The folder named with the ID of the incremental backup being recovered, which
    was created inside the provided staging directory, is removed at the end of the
    recovery process.

When recovering from an incremental backup, you *must* therefore
either set `local_staging_path` in the global/server config *or* use
the `--local-staging-path` option with the `barman recover` command. If
you do neither of these things and attempt to recover an incremental backup

> then Barman will fail rather than try to guess a suitable location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then Barman will fails rather than trying to guess a suitable location.
```
